[THEME MUSIC]
>> As my interviews and
discussions with so many people
in the human abductions evolved,
a parallel track entered
my work.
On that track came
military voices
and a few retired whistleblowers
from government intelligence
agencies who wanted me to
know the alien presence
is real and very complicated.
The first time someone in a
serious government capacity
talked to me about one of
the alien presences on Earth,
was a Washington
DC military source.
He claimed first
hand interaction
with at least one type of
non-human like this one.
He agreed to talk with me off
the record about the Grey Type
that he knew as EBENs--
all caps-- a government acronym
standing for Extraterrestrial
Biological Entities.
The military source told
me that this drawing
was quote "almost like a
photograph of an EBEN."
close quote.
The only difference
is the EBENs' skin
color is cement sidewalk gray.
I have also been told that
among the variety of grey skin
non-humans, some have been
observed to change colors
to cream, brown, or pale
green, depending upon feeding
schedules.
The EBEN eyes are
not sharply slanted,
but are all almond shaped
with dark brown irises.
I asked if the EBENs
have vertical pupils
like a snake underneath
their brown eyes surfaces,
as some human abductees have
described from encounters
with Grey Types.
The government
man seemed unsure,
but stressed that the EBENs
have pear shaped heads, not
triangular with pointed
chins like some other Grey
Types that are not friendly to
humans, as the EBENs allegedly
are.
I also understood that
the EBENs, Greys, tall,
pale humanoids, and
reptilian humanoids,
all make biological
androids programmed
for various functions
by their ET makers.
He said that the original
source of the EBENs
is a desert planet orbiting
the binary suns Zeta Reticuli
1 and 2, about 39
light years from Earth.
The EBEN planet skies are
described as bright to dim,
but never dark.
This pastel drawing was done
by a Colorado male abductee.
In late November 1985, he and
his wife in their moving car
were lifted up by a beam of
Cerulean blue green light
from a highway near
Longmont, Colorado.
The whole case, with many
photos and illustrations,
is in my first book
"An Alien Harvest."
My military source
told me the EBENs
are supposed to be friendly and
do not abduct people he said.
But he had to admit to me
that if this illustration
by the husband was almost like
a photograph of an EBEN, then
it meant the EBEN did
abduct the husband and wife.
The couple in their
car were carried
from the Longmont, Colorado,
highway to a forest
where an egg-shaped craft
was on the ground, supported
by angled struts.
The Washington military source
knew about my Home Box Office
TV project that took me
to Kirtland Air Force Base
on April 9, 1983, where I
was shown an alleged briefing
paper for an unnamed
US president that
said quote "these
extraterrestrial biological
entities manipulated DNA in
already-evolving primates
to create Homo
sapien" close quote.
My military source
said that was true.
But he stressed that no one
in the American government
with access to that knowledge
ever wanted to be alive if,
or when, such an announcement
were broadcast to the world
that humans are someone else's
experimental androids and ET
human hybrids.
He told me that he had talked
firsthand with a US Air Force
captain who received telepathic
communication from one
non-human at a crash site in
the Roswell region in 1949,
not the 1947 July crashes.
Walking around that 1949 site,
the Air Force captain clearly
received mind-to-mind
telepathic communication
from an EBEN that looked like
a dead body amid the debris.
The captain said inside his
head, he could hear crying,
and felt pain coming from
the EBEN body on the ground.
Realizing there was a live
creature communicating
telepathically to the
captain, higher authorities
officially assigned the captain
to live with the entity called
EBE 1 at the Los Alamos
laboratory in New Mexico
until EBE 1 died of unknown
causes on June 18, 1952.
That Air Force captain
who lived with EBE 1
said the ET told him
that reincarnation,
the recycling of souls, is
the machinery of the universe.
The captain also said that
one of the most important
telepathic transmissions
that he ever received
was quote "We made you.
We put you here on Earth,
but you have to live it"
close quote.
When I asked my
Washington source
what he thought that
meant, he told me,
quote "Linda the
key to everything
is ET creation of human
ET hybrid body container
in which alien life force and
consciousness can be placed."
But he did not understand
the big agenda.
Abductee Linda
Porter told me when
the praying mantis and
the EBEN-type beings
were showing her the light tube
cloning resurrection technology
that she understood it was
vital to keep some soul
entities in human body
containers for specific lengths
of time.
But it does not explain
why Homo sapien sapien must
be used to make hybrid body
containers to perpetuate
alien life force.
This is my third book "Glimpses
of Other Realities Volume 2
High Strangeness" that was
first released in 1998.
Not long after the publication,
one night in Philadelphia,
where I was living, I
answered my ringing phone.
The deep male voice
on the other end
spoke without
introducing himself.
He said, quote, "I
thought you should
know that your new book
has stirred up a hornet's
nest at MJ-12 in Washington.
Congratulations."
And then the deep voice hung up.
Since the early 1980s,
after the TV broadcast
of my documentary
"A Strange Harvest,"
I have received
valuable insights
from two different
government agency
men willing to hear my questions
about the alien presence
on Earth and why that alien
presence seems so focused
on genetic harvests
from humans and animals.
One man was retired
in Washington DC.
The other continued
assignments in the Southwest.
Both said they had done work for
the highly secret MJ-12 group.
They both emphasized the
grey skinned EBEN types with
the pear shaped heads and almond
shaped dark brown eyes are
different from the smaller,
thinner greys with triangular
faces and large
black slanted eyes.
The men thought that the
EBENs were, are, our allies.
But they did not trust the
pointed chin greys quote
"who lie to us" close quote.
That was a warning.
The whistleblower explanations
of prime intelligences
that make biological androids
and hybrids help explain
the great confusion
since the 1960s
when human abductees
have described
so many different
types of beings ranging
from insects to tall, pale
humanoids that have blonde
or black or red hair, while
other alien beings are
described as standing
up, humanoid, alligators,
or lizards, referred
to as reptoids.
Government insiders say the
various types of hybrids
and androids are designed
for various planetary
tasks on our planet and
throughout the solar system,
and even beyond the Milky
Way to other galaxies.
Both men have
periodically given me
information over the years,
which I have no way to prove.
But I offer, now, in the
context of other military and
intelligent voices who know
about Earth's alien presence.
To honor their
request for anonymity,
I combine their
information into one voice
that I call Sherman
in my third book
"Glimpses of Other Realities
Volume 2 High Strangeness."
Sherman said it was true
that MJ-12 was established
by one of President Harry
Truman's Executive Orders
in 1947.
MJ-12's charter, he said, was
to study the UFO phenomenon,
to oversee retrievals of
crashed disks and alien bodies,
to back engineer
extraterrestrial technology,
and to study captured
alien beings.
MJ-12, he said,
was also directed
to keep the public
and the media ignorant
of the extraterrestrial
presence at all costs,
to prevent public panic,
and to keep the alien's
advanced technologies
hidden from Cold War enemies
in the interests of
national security.
Sherman said that
in the 1990s MJ-12
had changed to a different
letter number code that
began E, as in Edward, 2.
I asked Sherman if
he had personally
seen non-human technology
in his work for MJ-12.
He said he had held
an EBEN device called
The Yellow Book that
was a technology
like the modern iPad.
Words on its screen glow yellow.
And three dimensional
images can rise up
like the Princess Leia hologram
communicator in Star Wars.
Sherman said those
three dimensional images
in The Yellow Book come
from the EBENs' ability
to quote "capture time and
play it back" close quote.
And he emphasized for me,
I'm not talking about videos.
I'm not talking about film.
I'm not talking
about photographs.
I'm talking about,
literally, capturing time
and playing it back.
The EBENs, he said,
access and manipulate time
streams and even have most of
Earth's planetary evolution
preserved in a Yellow
Book technology.
Sherman thought that the
EBENs monitor the consequences
of their genetic manipulations
on earth over very long time
scales, for whatever the
big, big agenda of the EBENs
is on this earth laboratory.
Sherman said that
he had been told
that the EBENs experimented
genetically in Bhutan, Tibet,
and Nepal.
And then transplanted some of
those altered human ET hybrids
to what we call the
Yucatan and Guatemala
region of Central America.
Sherman said the EBENs used
DNA harvested and manipulated
from Bhutan for another EBEN
genetic experiment far away
to the other side of the
world from the Himalayas.
Then in 850 AD, Sherman
said the EBENs beamed up
most of the Mayan
ET human hybrids
and transported them to another
planet for unknown reasons.
I asked Sherman,
"Then is it true
that the EBENs and maybe
other extraterrestrial groups
such as the Anunnaki
did manipulate DNA
an already-evolving primates
to create Homo sapien
as I was shown in
that briefing paper
at Kirtland Air Force
Base on April 9, 1983?"
>> Yes.
But it's a difficult subject.
The EBENs have been here
since at least the time
of the dinosaurs.
And according to
a report I read,
EBENs collected one of
each species of dinosaur
and placed them either
in one big planetary zoo
or on a different planet.
And that was at least 68
million or more years ago.
So I guess they have
experimented with life forms
here ever since.
>> And I said well what
about the animal mutilations?
>> The animal mutilations
are performed by the aliens.
We allowed them to conduct
experiments using animals, not
just cattle.
I don't know if you
are aware or not,
but there are a lot of moose and
caribou found mysteriously dead
in the Arctic and Alaska.
We think it was part of
the EBEN experimentation,
but we couldn't figure
out what happened.
The EBENs wanted to
conduct experiments,
so our government
thought it was better
to agree to animals
instead of humans.
To complicate matters, in
order to cover up the animal
mutilations, our government
launched a military program
to test certain biological
drugs on animals.
This was to cover up the
alien mutilation program.
>> I asked do the EBENs
themselves enter pastures
and cut the tissues from
animals and mutilations?
>> After we had more
communications with the EBENs,
they explained to us, you
have to understand that
for an advanced civilization,
you have robots and androids
to do these things.
>> And Sherman said MJ-12 began
to understand that the EBEN
androids could be anything.
>> The androids can be
configured any way the EBENs
want for whatever mission
the EBENs want carried out.
The EBENs are controlling
a big part of the operation
concerning Earth and we can't
control everything they do.
But I can tell
you that the EBENs
are big environmentalists.
Huge.
They would make the Sierra
Club look like Brownie Scouts.
They were so worried
about our nuclear tests
and nuclear materials being
exploited and contaminating,
not only the Earth, but
damaging other dimensions
of this universe.
>> And I said, do
you mean Sherman,
that our atomic bombs impacted
other lifeforms or even other
dimensions?
>> Right.
So that's one of the
things that EBENs
were very vocal
about how they wanted
above-ground atomic
tests stopped.
And boy, were they stopped.
>> Well from your point of view,
are EBENs the only non-humans
that have experimented
genetically on this planet?
>> All I know is it that the
EBENs started an experiment,
but they could not keep
out other space travelers.
Word got out that this planet
was a strange place to visit
and that different
experiments were not
going the way the EBENs wanted.
Part of the EBENs
problem might be
because there are bad guys
doing experiments, too,
that might harm us.
That really confuses matters
when it comes to telling who
wants to help humans
and who doesn't.
>> And I said, well,
in abduction reports,
people describe creatures
that look like praying mantis
insects.
What are those?
>> As far as I've heard, they
could be very advanced androids
which can oversee long-term
projects that last
for thousands, maybe
even millions, of years.
But I'm not certain who
they work with or for.
>> I asked what is the
relationship between
the pointed chin
Greys and the EBENs.
And Sherman said--
>> They were
enemies at one time.
They were supposed to
live without war today,
but the EBENs have no
control over the Greys.
The Greys do their thing
and the EBENs do theirs.
>> Well is there a pecking
order among the alien types?
>> To the best of our knowledge,
no cooperation exists between
the different alien groups.
And I think there was a
war about 6,000 years ago
between the EBENs and the
Blondes over territorial rights
to a planet somewhere.
I don't know if that
EBEN and the Blonde war
was here on Earth or at
the Zeta Reticuli or what.
>> So, I said both groups?
The EBENs and the
blonde humanoids
are making android creatures
to do work for them
on different planets?
>> That's what I understand.
Androids come in many
different types--
insects, reptilians,
Greys, humanoid, blondes,
men in black, and others.
All have an advanced
implanted brain
that can operate on its
own or by remote control.
Ironically, we think some of
these genetically engineered
creatures have a
higher intelligence
than their creators.
The EBENs and the
Blonde humanoids
know how to mix and match
genomes and DNA easily.
They can make
robots and androids
that can be anything
they want them to be.
Remember the aliens millions
of years advanced beyond us.
>> Sherman said the EBENs even
make blonde looking containers
that the EBENs control, while
the Blondes make EBEN looking
container bodies that
the Blondes control.
Think of a
multilayered chess game
in which you need technology to
tell you who the players really
are beneath their
body camouflage.
And I said, well, the EBENs
genetic experimentation
in Tibet, does that connect
somehow to the Dalai Lama?
I'm thinking about reincarnation
through different beings
in different cycles of life.
Would that concept relate to
an EBEN supposedly telling
an Air Force captain in
1949 that recycling of souls
is the machinery
of this universe?
And to my surprise
Sherman said--
>> Exactly.
There are only so
many souls that
can just continuously recycle.
>> Through life form
bodies that are containers?
>> Right.
Exactly.
>> Well, Sherman, if there
are more container bodies than
souls, what happens?
>> I don't know.
But souls are
interconnected in some way.
I think they told us because
the EBENs have been around
so long they've
learned that there
are only so many souls
in the universe, which
must be recycled.
That implies a multiverse
of many universes.
>> Well, Sherman, if there is a
finite number of souls in this
universe, and the
EBENs know that,
why are we living on a planet
in which there is a steady
exponential increase in
the number of bodies?
Does that imply that not
all bodies can have souls?
>> I guess you
have a point there.
>> And I said, well, and if not
all body containers have souls
would the EBENs and Blonde
humanoids have some stake
invested in souls?
Like souls could be the coin
of the realm, so to speak.
>> That's possible, I guess.
I never thought of
it that way before.
>> And I said, well, some
abductee researchers,
such as Dr. Leo Sprinkle, who
is the Wyoming psychologist,
and Harvard University
psychiatrist Dr. John Mack,
they reported what appears
to be the same EBENs,
or maybe other Grey Types,
involved from human life
to human life.
The same alien being comes up in
past life regressions at births
and at deaths.
>> I don't know.
All I do know is that the soul,
when the body container dies,
the soul keeps some thoughts or
something from that life that
was just lived.
It said in The Yellow
Book that the EBENs
are concerned about human
souls if our particular species
continued on this course.
They are afraid we would
damage our container bodies
and that could damage the souls.
I realized the containers
are the human bodies and that
was why they were so concerned
what we have been doing--
the wars and so forth.
They are afraid
that the souls will
be damaged by our containers.
One of the MJ-12 guys who had
seen more of The Yellow Book
talked to me about an analogy.
He said that when you put
something in a container,
and you pour it
out, there's always
some residue that remains.
Something remains in that soul.
So when you pass the soul
on in different containers,
it picks up the residues of
all the different containers
it has been in.
And a little of which
remains and stays throughout.
I guess there was an
eternity, there's no end.
I asked him does the soul wear
out after so many recycles?
And he said, no.
No.
The soul's never wear out.
The Supreme Being makes
sure that doesn't happen.
>> While reviewing these pages,
of glimpses of other realities,
a research colleague and
attorney Michael Pill
of Shutesbury, Massachusetts,
wrote to me quote "The notion
of the soul picking up residues
may explain why we have
memories of past lives."
It may also explain why after
spending thousands of years,
and who knows how many
wretched lifetimes,
trying to work out
the karma from one
or more evil incarnations,
one can still
feel the enticing
charm of the dark side.
Those seven deadly sins
are like predators.
They've got you before you
realize they are even there.
The EBENs say that everything
that occurs in our time span
has occurred before.
I guess it means we're
right in the middle
of a huge big circle.
And it goes round and round.
And the way I see this is that
Earth was created and one day.
Five billion years from now,
the sun is going to expand.
And earth will be
engulfed and destroyed.
And everything goes
back into a Big Bang.
And then everything
starts over again.
I ask, well, when The Yellow
Book talked about the Supreme
Being that created the
universe, did it say anything
about parallel dimensions
or parallel timelines
or anything else like that?
And Sherman said, no, nothing.
The aliens talked about the
vastness of the universe,
that there are life
forms all over, Linda.
It talks about a Supreme
Being creating the souls
and creating the containers
and distributing the souls
to the containers.
To the EBENs, it's
just basic facts.
I asked Sherman, if the EBENs
made us and put us here,
there has to be a reason.
Are we a garden growing
containers for souls
to be harvested for some reason?
And Sherman answered it's
another good question.
All I can tell you is that
when I ask one elderly man
with MJ-12 about souls,
and why the EBENs made us,
he said you don't
want to know that.
Sherman also told me that our
universe is one of billions.
Like grains of sand on an
island, but the island,
he said, is surrounded
by a cold dark sea.
And when I asked what
is in the cold dark sea?
He used the elderly MJ-12
man's same answer about souls,
you don't want to know that.
Sherman, some abductees also
say that the main reason
for the animal mutilations
and human abductions
has to do with the creation
of a hybrid species.
But no one knows
whether the hybrids
are supposed to replace the
current Homo sapien container
model.
There is a sense that whatever
the non-humans are up to, it
has something to
do with survival--
there's and ours.
Sherman said, maybe.
All I know is that
the EBENs are supposed
to have manipulated
DNA in primates
long before humans were created.
So there must have been a series
of experiments like Neanderthal
before Cro-Magnon.
And Neanderthal's gone.
So who knows what's on
the agenda for humans.
You can read more
about my discussions
with Sherman in my book
"Glimpses of Other Realities
Volume 2 High Strangeness."
Centuries of
genetic manipulation
by other intelligences was
reinforced for me in 1999
by a retired Defense
Intelligence Agency analyst.
He said his job had
been to monitor quote
"the geopolitical territorial
conflicts of three competing
extraterrestrial factions
or species" closed quote.
The DIA analyst said alien
presences have based themselves
in various parts of Earth,
and our solar system.
And at least one type has
been terraforming this planet
and genetically
manipulating earth life
for some 270 million years.
As Sherman had told me
earlier, the DIA analyst
emphasized that non-humans
made the dinosaurs.
He suspected the aliens
either allowed or caused
the large meteorite to
hit the Gulf of Mexico
66 million years ago in
order to deliberately erase
their dinosaur experiment.
What came next on
Earth was the rise
of mammals that lead to
primates and to us humans.
The DIA analyst was especially
interested in the resurrection
technology described by
abductees Linda Porter
and others in my two volume book
"Glimpses of Other Realities."
He knew about the cloning
technology from his DIA work.
And he described
how concerned he
and his superiors were
about human body containers
camouflaging the conflicts
of an alien presence
through the often chaotic
evolution of Homo sapien
sapien.
Who are we really?
Does someone else own or battle
to keep ownership of Earth?
Are humans unwitting pawns in
a multilevel cosmic chess game?
If so, is there an alien
ally, a Prometheus, or Anki,
trying to help us advance more
rapidly in order to survive?
As Army Sergeant CJ said in
the beginning of these "Truth
Hunter" reports?
Is there truly some
kind of alien threat?
Like what happens if a Zeus,
or Osiris, or Jehovah returns?
A remote viewer who worked
in the mid 1980s for the US
Defense Intelligence Agency
at Fort Meade, Maryland,
has some extraordinary insights
about friendly and unfriendly
non-humans that I'll be sharing
on the next "Truth Hunter."
This is Linda Moulton Howe.
Please stay tuned to my Gaia
series for more revelations
about our universe,
this solar system,
and the planet we live on.
[THEME MUSIC]